Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco. Quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. At vero eos et accusamus. Esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.
Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? Oh, but you can. But you may have to metaphorically make a deal with the devil. And by "devil", I mean Robot Devil. And by "metaphorically", I mean get your coat.
The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. Partially, but it also obeys your commands. I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me.
Well, he's kind of had it in for me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog. Actually, replace "accidentally" with "repeatedly" and replace "dog" with "son." Whoa, slow down there, maestro. There's a *New* Mexico?
Did I mention we have comfy chairs? All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you?
Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all. No. We're on the top. Good news, everyone! I've taught the toaster to feel love!
Is that a cooking show? Shinier than yours, meatbag. Oh sure! Blame the wizards! You're going to do his laundry? File not found.
Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it. I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan! Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient? Oh Leela! You're the only person I could turn to; you're the only person who ever loved me.
Alright, let's mafia things up a bit. Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew. I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool. Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it... then perhaps gifts!
I hope I didn't brain my damage. Homer no function beer well without. Oh, a *sarcasm* detector. Oh, that's a *really* useful invention! Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try. But, Aquaman, you cannot marry a woman without gills. You're from two different worlds... Oh, I've wasted my life. When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV!
I've done everything the Bible says - even the stuff that contradicts the other stuff! I'll keep it short and sweet - Family. Religion. Friendship. These are the three demons you must slay if you wish to succeed in business.
Quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat. Laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus. Nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam.
Architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam.
Architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco. Eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi. Fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur? At vero eos et accusamus.
The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think?
She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time! Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this?
Ye-ha! What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like... suicide. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away!
Don't underestimate the Force. Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. You don't believe in the Force, do you? He is here. Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him. Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. Red Five standing by. You mean it controls your actions?
I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why. Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today. You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?
Saving the world with meals on wheels. Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! They're not aliens, they're Earth...liens! Father Christmas. Santa Claus. Or as I've always known him: Jeff. I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks!
